names of datasets:
Airbnb and Zillow
Short and Long-term housing rental
in Austin, Boston, Los Angeles

URLs to download site:
http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html
https://www.zillow.com/research/data/

Interesting entities and attributes:

Zillow Long-term Rental, Home Value, Inventory data:
rental price has increased 2-3% every year independent on geography
Rental price: Boston > LA >> Austin
The inventory fluctuates more than +- 10 percent from month to month which is large.
The Home value does not always increase over time (even in long-term) which contrasts
to the conventional belief that the real-estate price always goes up (due to inflation)

Airbnb data:
Avaibility in Austin is either at very low end (close to 0) or at a very high end (close to 360).
Most of the listing in Austin offer an entire home, whereas Boston and LA listings has higher proportion of private room.
For all cities, prices fluctuates a lot even within the same neighborhood
Some places provide over 3 years for renting on Airbnb which is unexpected given our familiarity with Airbnb.

Insights to gain from exploring datasets:
Discover relationship between availability of listing with price - how the supply and demand play out.
See the rate at which the rental prices are increasing in different cities and test our real-life hypothesis (for example: there are a lot of people moving to Austin in recent years.Does that lead to rental prices increasing at a higher rate due to increased demand?)
See if there are decisive factors that affect the rental price and if those factors are the same across three different geography.
See if there are any area-specific behaviors/preferences of the hosts in terms of listing, pricing, policy
See if the effect of social-proof (reviews) affects the short and long-term pricing, availability of the housing.
See how the micro-level data (Airbnb, short-term oriented) can help us better understand or find its correlation on long-term trend (Zillow) 

Necessary Transformation for cross-join dataset:
We don't necessary need to transform the tables. We can cross join the data from Airbnb
and Zillow using the Date (year or month). The Airbnb.calendar table has the date (linked to Zillow)
and listing_id which can further links to any other tables from Airbnb dataset.
After all, this join based on month/year makes sense because our objective is about time-related 
short/long-term price of housing.
